{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red163\green85\blue14;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red62\green0\blue182;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c70588\c41176\c5490;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c31373\c13333\c76471;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh19980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Instructions for Capstone Project 1 - Online Resume\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa192\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 Project Specifications\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa384\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create an HTML file named\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 index.html
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 .\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use the\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 <!DOCTYPE html>
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0declaration at the beginning of the file to indicate that it's an HTML document.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 head
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0section that includes a\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 title
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0element with the text "
\f0\b My Resume
\f1\b0 ".\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Inside the\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 body
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0section, write HTML code to create an online resume covering the following aspects:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa384\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Summary
\f1\b0 \'a0or objective statement\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Education
\f1\b0 \'a0(list degrees, schools, and dates)\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Work experience\'a0
\f1\b0 (list job titles, employers, dates, and responsibilities)\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Skills
\f1\b0 \'a0(list relevant skills or areas of expertise)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa384\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Awards, certifications, or other achievements (list any relevant awards, certifications, or other accomplishments)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa384\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use appropriate HTML tags to format the content of each section, such as\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 h1
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0for section headings and\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 ul
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0or\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 ol
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0for lists.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use HTML tags to add a\'a0
\f0\b profile photo\'a0
\f1\b0 of yourself.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use relevant anchor tags to create a multi-page website, listing other aspects of your resume such as\'a0
\f0\b Hobbies
\f1\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\f0\b Contact
\f1\b0 \'a0details.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add a\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 footer
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0element with your name and any copyright information or other disclaimers. (Hint: use the MDN docs for things you don't know how to do:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/footer"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/footer}}\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Save the\'a0
\f0\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 index.html
\f1\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \'a0file and open it in a web browser to ensure that it displays correctly.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	10	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add your website to your GitHub to start building your portfolio.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	11	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Publish your website using GitHub pages and share it here (in the Q&A) with other students.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	12	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Comment and make suggestions to other students' projects.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa192\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Example\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa384\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://appbrewery.github.io/capstone-1-example"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://appbrewery.github.io/capstone-1-example}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa192\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Requirements
\fs57\fsmilli28800 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa384\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In order to keep the project within scope (time, energy, resource), you can\'a0
\f0\b only use HTML
\f1\b0 \'a0to complete thing project. Even if you know CSS and JS (which we're assuming you don't yet), you are expected to only write the website using HTML.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Imagine you are a professional developer working on this project. There will be things you don't know, things you want to do but haven't yet learnt how to. As a professional developer, you need to know the limits of your abilities and look up other things in Google, MDN docs, the internet.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa192\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 FAQs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 1. Can I use these Capstone projects in my job interviews?
\f1\b0 \
Yes! That's the point of these capstone projects. Unlike course projects, which have solution code and video walkthroughs, Capstone Projects are meant to be entirely your
\f0\b \'a0"own work"
\f1\b0 . There are over a million students who have enrolled on this web development course worldwide. If you add a course project to your portfolio, it's very likely that your client will know it's from this course. The capstone projects on the other hand, have no solution code, no walk through, no design specs. It's it purely your creation So it can definitely be counted as your own work and be added to your portfolio.\
When I hire developers, I always ask for a portfolio. I consider what they have built by themselves to be far more important than which University they went to or if they have a computer science degree. Many of my friends who are CEOs in multi-nationals and startups agree.\

\f0\b 2. What if I don't remember how to do something, even though I watched all the videos?
\f1\b0 \
Watching a video is often not enough to learn a skill. That's why these capstone projects are a great opportunity to identify your weak points. While you're building, you'll find yourself stuck or forgetting how to do things. Great! It's then time to review previous lessons or online documentation to fill your knowledge gaps.
\fs45\fsmilli22800 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}